doc: Add clarifications to the helm upgrade release force annotation option (#3160)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/helm/reference/advanced_features.md

## Use `helm upgrade --force` for deployment

> By adding the annotation `helm.operator-sdk/upgrade-force: "True"` to the deployed CR, the operator uses the `force` flag of helm to replace the rendered resources. For more info see the [Helm Upgrade documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_upgrade/) and the [helm issue](https://github.com/helm/helm/issues/1958) where the `--force` flag was originated.

Reviewer: I was testing this out trying to change a service from ClusterIP to NodePort, and the upgrade is failing even with the force option enabled. Digging into this further, I found that the behavior changed in Helm 3. See https://github.com/helm/helm/issues/7082#issuecomment-559558318.

So I don't think we should link to the original PR that was for Helm 2 since that is no longer valid. Unfortunately I can't find any official documentation about how --force works in Helm 3. In the absence of that, I suppose linking to the comment I linked is probably fine.

## Use `helm upgrade --force` for deployment

> By adding the annotation `helm.operator-sdk/upgrade-force: "True"` to the deployed CR, the operator uses the `force` flag of helm to replace the rendered resources. For more info see the [Helm Upgrade documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_upgrade/) and the [helm issue comment](https://github.com/helm/helm/issues/7082#issuecomment-559558318).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By adding the annotation `helm.operator-sdk/upgrade-force: "True"` to the deployed CR, the operator uses the `--force` flag of helm to replace the rendered resources. For more info see the [Helm Upgrade documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_upgrade/) and this [explanation](https://github.com/helm/helm/issues/7082#issuecomment-559558318) of `--force` behavior.
```

  service:
    port: 8080
```

> Setting this annotation to `True` and updating the spec (for example changing to `spec.replicaCount:3`) will cause this CR to be reconciled and upgraded with the `force` option. This can be verified in the log message when an upgrade succeeds: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting this annotation to `True` and updating the spec (for example changing to `spec.replicaCount: 3`) will cause this CR to be reconciled and upgraded with the `force` option. This can be verified in the log message when an upgrade succeeds: 
```

  service:
    port: 8080
```

> Note that, after we set this annotation as `True` when an spec be updated, for example `spec.replicaCount:3`, this CR will be reconciled and then, we will be able to check that was used to `force` the release upgrade. See: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this annotation to `True` and updating the spec (for example changing to `spec.replicaCount:3`) will cause this CR to be reconciled and upgraded with the `force` option. This can be verified in the log message when an upgrade succeeds: 
```
